---
layout: post
title: Daily Sentence
tags: Note English
---

September 30th, 2017
---
+ Know yourself is the begining of all wisedom.
+ He that connot obey connot command.
>obey: 服从

September 29th, 2017
---
+ One's word reflect one's thinking.
+ If you run after two hares you will catch neither.

September 28th, 2017
---
+ A little leak will sink a great ship.
+ A still tangue makes a wise head.
+ Great talker are little doers.
> still: 静止  
> calm: 冷静  
> quiet: 安静  
> silent: 静默  
> doer: 矮子  

September 27th, 2017
---
+ You buy land and you buy stones, you buy meat and you buy bones.
+ Money is a good servant but a bad master.

Septmber 22nd, 2017
---
+ Don't burn the candle at both ends.
+ Goven your thoughts when alone, and your tongue when in company.

Septmber 21th, 2017
---
+ Technology owes ecology an apology.
+ The truth may hurt of a little while but a lie hurts forever.

September 20th, 2017
---
+ Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.
+ Wit once bought is worth twice tought.
> wit: 智慧，思考  
> be worth: 比得上

September 18th, 2017
---
+ You con't be brave if you've only had wonderful thing happen to you.
+ A chain is no stronger than its weakest link.
> no stronger than = as weak as  
> not stronger than = weaker than

September 15th, 2017
---
+ If one sheep leap over the litch, all rest will follow.
+ A lion doesn't concern himself wit the opinion of sheep.
> litch: 沟  
> be concern about/with ≈ be worried about = concern oneself with

September 14th, 2017
---
+ If your will ready, your feet will be light.
+ Diffculties strengthen the mind, as labour does the body.
> does作为代词，指代strengthen

September 13th, 2017
---
+ A forced kindess deserves no thanks.
+ Dream is a promis to life.
> forced: 勉强  
> deserve: 值得  
> promis: 
>+ n.承诺
>+ v.许诺,对…有希望

September 11th, 2017
---
+ Thinking will not overcome fear but action will.
+ Noting great will ever be achieved without enthusiasm.
> overcome: 克服  
> enthusiasm: 热情